[Autogenerated] all right.
Here we are in visual studio code,
and for this exercise we are going into nine cf template.
Go ahead and expand that out.
And let's take a look at what's in commands.
Txt.
Well, there's not a lot to this one.
We're going through the standard terra form workflow of Terra form in it.
Plan and apply.
And we're gonna be using that same state bucket that
we used in the previous exercise.
So we'll have to fill out that information when we get to that point.
Let's take a look at what's going on in Maine TF.
All right in Maine, .NET E f.
We're setting up a few things here,
the region and aws bucket prefix because we're going to
create a bucket and we'll see why in a moment.
And then we are going to be referencing the Dev VPC
Network State to get some information.
So we need to do the network state bucket network,
state key and network state region, just like we did in the previous exercise,
scrolling down a little bit more,
we are going to generate a bucket name that will be used to store our lambda
function so we're gonna use the bucket prefix dash lambda and then the random
integer that we generate below under providers.
The only notable thing here is we're using the app profile so again were
functioning as Joshua Magee scrolling down to data sources.
We're using the Terra form remote state data source.
It's exactly the same as the one we just used for the previous exercise.
We're getting that network information from the Dev VPC.
It's going down a little bit more.
We generate that random integer and then we deploy an S3 bucket.
And like I said,
this is going to hold the Lambda Function code because the CloudFormation
template assumes that the code is sitting in an S3 bucket.
So we have to provide that information to it.
And this is something that the template didn't do before.
So we're actually adding a little value through terra form.
How about that?
Once we deploy that S3 bucket, we are going to put an object into that S3 bucket,
and that is the published orders dot zip file,
which is in the same directory as this configuration.
So we're gonna push that up to the bucket.
So then it's accessible to our CloudFormation template,
scrolling down a little bit more.
The Lambda also requires a security group which is
not created inside the template.
So again, terra form to the rescue.
We're creating that security group for Lambda,
and we're using the terra form remote state data source to get the VPC
IDE where this security group should be created.
Now let's scroll down a little bit more and we get
into the actual stack deployment.
The name we're giving it is orders Dash stack,
and then we have an argument called capabilities,
and this enables certain capabilities on the stack.
Within the template.
We are going to be creating an I am role.
So we have to give it the capability of capability underscore I am.
Once we do that, the CloudFormation stack will be able to create that resource.
Then we have to feed it the parameters that we're
going to be using with the template,
which includes the bucket where the function is located,
the key where that function is located inside the bucket,
the Lambda security group that we just created,
and then a list of sub net IDs where Lambda should place
those network interfaces and in this case,
we wanted in the public sub nets.
The interesting thing here is we're using the joint function because the
template expects a comma delimited string off sub net IDs.
The data type that's returned by public sub nets is a list, not a string.
The join function converts a list to a string,
and it separates the elements of the list using the delimit ER.
That's the first argument in the joint,
so we're basically creating that comma separated string for sub net IDs.
Then the very last thing is submitting.
The template body were using the file function to reference the lambda dot
template file that's in the same directory as this configuration.
Lastly,
just to show that you have access to the output
from that CloudFormation template, we're specifying a single output here.
And it's all the outputs from this stack deployment.
Alright, so that's everything in the main .NET e f.
In the back end dot t f were simply defining that we're using S3,
and the key is lambda slash terra form dot t f state. Now let's take a look at what's going on in that lambda template